h1. Welcome to Cantina

Cantina is a provisioning system for SIP phones.

h1. Howto install Cantina on a Debian 5 system

p. Use a fresh installed Debian 5 system. Login as root and copy and paste some stuff we need to install in advance:

bc.. aptitude -y install curl git-core patch file

aptitude -y install build-essential bison  \
  openssl zlib1g-dev libssl-dev libreadline5-dev libxml2-dev \
  libreadline5-dev libxml2-dev

echo \
  'deb http://ftp.de.debian.org/backports.org/ lenny-backports main' \
  > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/lenny-backports.list

aptitude update

aptitude -y -t lenny-backports install \
  sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev

p. Now you want to add a new account to the system:

bc.. adduser cantina

p. and su to that account:

bc.. su - cantina

p. Now we install RVM for our Ruby on Rails environment:

bc.. bash < <( curl http://rvm.beginrescueend.com/releases/rvm-install-head )

cp .bashrc .bashrc-ORIG

echo '[[ -s $HOME/.rvm/scripts/rvm ]] && source $HOME/.rvm/scripts/rvm' >> .bashrc

perl -pi -e 's/\[ -z \"\$PS1\" \] \&\& return/if \[\[ -n \"\$PS1\" \]\] \; then/' .bashrc

echo 'fi' >> .bashrc

p. Now you have to logout and login again as the use cantina

bc.. exit

su - cantina

p. After that we use RVM to install Ruby 1.9.2:

bc.. rvm install ruby-1.9.2

rvm --default 1.9.2

p. Now install Ruby on Rails 3 with:

bc.. gem install rails

p. Now it's time to get the Cantina software:

bc.. git clone git://github.com/amooma/Cantina.git

p. Just 5 more steps:

bc.. cd Cantina

bundle install

rake db:migrate

rake db:seed

rails server --binding=your.ip.add.ress

p. Now your Cantina server ist up and running.

h1. Support

p. There is a Google Group. Feel free to join and ask any question (German and English is fine). "http://groups.google.com/group/cantina-provisioning":http://groups.google.com/group/cantina-provisioning

h1. About the ERD.pdf 

p. Rails ERD is a great plugin for Ruby on Rails that generates diagrams based on your Active Record models.
You'll find information at "http://rails-erd.rubyforge.org/":http://rails-erd.rubyforge.org/

p. To render a new pdf:

bc.. rake erd title='Cantina - SIP Phone Provisioning' polymorphism=true indirect=true

p. You'll find the ERD.pdf file in the Cantina directory.